the penultimate round and twingo trophy
r1 and r2 took place as part of
the French round of the championship
world of competitor rallies
had an appointment in Alsace for three
competition days on the same
special as the wrc before this round
three pilots stood in one
handkerchief at the top of the overall ranking
Sebastian chardonnet coin with four
small advance points on nicolas
romiguière and quentin gilbert
sébastien chardonnet was taking a good
departure and prevailed in both
first special
Boosted in the country's special
d'ormont disputed in his native Vosges
Quentin Gilbert then took
the advantage
he was completing the first stage with 17
seconds advanced on nicolas romiguiere
way went well for us we got
went out of the yard what was it
still quite difficult very dirty
data pay attention to all
turns did not burst etc
we started on a rhythm below
usually
we increased our pace on
special after we did a little
touchette who opened us a little bit
the rear end but it's not us
embarrassed to make the best time in
the fourth special so a good
day a good first step
today and tomorrow we will continue
to attack a little bit not so fast
that the last two specials we have
made to try to manage then
chardonnay had lost nearly 2 minutes
because of a box problem
velocities saturday quentin gilbert
continued his effort until he
sort of the road in the special the
big balloon
the disappointment was immense because it
almost lost all hope of being
titled a day is not too much it's over
not too much we had rather good
start began to manage I wanted
leave by finally attacking the
specials were really very
difficult we managed to manage a small
little bit of our lead so I wanted
continue in rally like this and in the
Valley Valley Special
munster in attack and no I got
trapped in December on road from
the wet it's going to be complicated now
to win the championship
I am really really
really sad romiguière who had
kept up the pressure did not ask
both to relay his rival at the head of
the race
released he aligned the scratch at the end of
day and completed the stage with 2 minutes
30 advanced on the amazing damien defert
a perfect day
we did a little what we wanted in
the first two we had twenty
seconds late on quentin so we
knew that it was important not to
let escape
so we managed to pick up a bit
of time and to return to less than 15
seconds of it in the first ream
special
he makes a small mistake that still makes
ten seconds so we almost come back to
equality with him and therefore adherence
it was necessary to attack all
two boundary weather holes we went
several times close to the
Corrections
luckily we stayed on the road
and him in a room turn that closed
he made the mistake not to commit
he left in front of a hole so is
there he got stuck is impossible to
divide
we went so now we're going
we will ensure we have more than four
minutes of advanced
it's quite comfortable so we're going
ensure tomorrow and at dawn or again
faced with mechanical problems
Chardonnay dropped to 5th place behind
charles martin and anthony balester but
it's true that yesterday we had a big
mechanical failure in the support of
box that is who broke and who caused
damage to the gimbal and today
we had exactly the same breakdown
started from the end of the
third special of the day so that we
cost a little bit of time when we
is when the car broke down
we had about 250 km left
between times and connections
so we had to preserve the
car to be here tonight for
to mark
to score points for the
championship overwhelmed by the lack of
Successful sébastien chardonnet was going
to be forced to throw away the sponge
Sunday morning
the big winner of this fifth
round of the season was nicolas nicolas
romiguiere remedy to perform so a
big step towards the title
well what is this talent for us
is super happy we were not hoping so much
we report the rally in juniors and in
plus our main competitors
abandoned so we do we make a big
too championship there we take the lead
with normand more than six points advanced
on sébastien so it's perfect for
hope for better with 36 points against 30 at
Chardonnay and 26 in Gilbert Romiguière
can afford to handle the rally
of the var
since a fourth place will ensure
of the title of the twingo r2 trophy side the
start was marked by
multiple punctures dug by the
road degradation after crossing
one because the first clown theater
occurred in the s1 with the abandonment of
roman salinas the leader of the trophy
before this appointment you were a victim of
double puncture
stéphane consani in the s2 and laurent
Clutier in the s3 as it burst
left the field open to georges gonon
who completed the first step in mind
with a nice lead over mathias of
souza consani and cloutier get into
a real pursuit race when
the long second step aligning the
better times they redid their
delay with long strides
the gones we could afford to
manage your advance
the third step curve did not bring
no change in the ranking
and george gonon won so his
first win of the season
other account a too happy this morning
it was hard hard I had to manage I
did not want to lose too much and we are
arrived at the end we worked really well
with christophe and congratulations to the team
yesterday trusted
autosport do it second of this
test after a nice comeback
Stéphane Consani took over the head of
general classification for two peas
more than one of the first positive rally
day we were unlucky we got a
puncture
the next day we have stretched the train
back
so we fought all the way
weekend with a twisted rear train and
balance sheet balance of the rally we take the head
in the championship so we are
we are happy the megan rs n4
win another victory in
group n
as at the mont blanc rally manu
guigou was imperial the team driver
chazel takes sixth place from
general classification of the event
a performance that gives him a smile
we win the group n it was the goal
we sixth scratch on one
marks important points for the
championship
so no I am very very happy
and the car that's great
mounted
the team a little bit of everything so really
very happy the next appointments
for trophy competitors
renault sport the rally of the var
will run in the Gulf of Saint Tropez
from November 25 to 27